Is very good meat in Lent;And know their spring, their head, their true descent;Greg. That shows thee a weak slave; for the weakest goes to theRomeo. I stretch it out for that word 'broad,' which, added to the
Of death, contagion, and unnatural sleep.JULIET rises.This field-bed is too cold for me to sleep.Why should you fall into so deep an O?  [He rises]
am a pretty piece of flesh.These happy masks that kiss fair ladies' brows,Farewell. Buy food and get thyself in flesh.In tatt'red weeds, with overwhelming brows,
Brags of his substance, not of ornament.Here in my house do him disparagement.Sailing in this salt flood; the winds, thy sighs,To comfort you. I wot well where he is.
SCENE II.Enter several of both houses, who join yhe fray;SCENE II.Right glad I am he was not at this fray.
Nor get a messenger to bring it thee,My daughter he hath wedded. I will dieBen. For what, I pray thee?And the rank poison of the old will die.
Mine uncle Capulet, his wife, and daughters;For it excels your first; or if it did not,'Signior Martino and his wife and daughters;I fear it is; and yet methinks it should not,
Utter your gravity o'er a gossip's bowl,Juliet. You kiss by th' book.I know not how to tell thee who I am.One writ with me in sour misfortune's book!
My back o' t' other side,- ah, my back, my back!Who ever would have thought it? Romeo!Thou sober-suited matron, all in black,Nurse. Hie to your chamber. I'll find Romeo
Thou shalt be loggerhead! [Exit 2 Servingman.]on my side.In sadness, cousin, I do love a woman.Ben. See, where he comes. So please you step aside,
Nay, come, I pray thee speak. Good, good nurse, speak.I am the drudge, and toil in your delight;Nurse. May not one speak?Of limping Winter treads, even such delight
tailor for wearing his new doublet before Easter, with anotherI fear it is; and yet methinks it should not,Doth make against me, of this direful murther;Samp. Fear me not.
To help to take her from her borrowed grave,Or bid me go into a new-made graveJuiet. Hist! Romeo, hist! O for a falconer's voiceJuliet. If I do so, it will be of more price,
Ben. It was. What sadness lengthens Romeo's hours?Thou shalt continue two-and-forty hours,mourners, and stay dinner.Towards Phoebus' lodging! Such a wagoner
That thou expects not nor I look'd not for.Nurse. Marry, bachelor,Forbid this bandying in Verona streets.An you be not, hang, beg, starve, die in the streets,
What say'st thou? Hast thou not a word of joy?When but love's shadows are so rich in joy.A sin-absolver, and my friend profess'd,Ah me! how sweet is love itself possess'd,
In one respect I'll thy assistant be;He'll fright you up, i' faith. Will it not be?Hath wash'd thy sallow cheeks for Rosaline!That you shall all repent the loss of mine.
Hold, Tybalt! Good Mercutio!Prince. Romeo slew him; he slew Mercutio.Your high displeasure. All this- utteredWhich the dark night hath so discovered.
Ben. Tybalt, here slain, whom Romeo's hand did stay.My house and welcome on their pleasure stay.And ere this hand, by thee to Romeo's seal'd,Most detestable Death, by thee beguil'd,
Romeo. By love, that first did prompt me to enquire.Is too much for a scoreThy drugs are quick. Thus with a kiss I die. [He falls.]Romeo. There is no world without Verona walls,
