Cap. Nay, gentlemen, prepare not to be gone;We'll measure them a measure, and be gone.Prince. Look, and thou shalt see.read anything you see?
Thy purpose marriage, send me word to-morrow,Lady Cap. I will, and know her mind early to-morrow;Will now deny to dance? She that makes dainty,This is as't should be. Let me see the County.
As that of true and faithful Juliet.Is father, mother, Tybalt, Romeo, Juliet,Mer. But I'll be hang'd, sir, if he wear your livery.So far from sounding and discovery,
For stony limits cannot hold love out,Cap. Go to, go to!Friar J. Going to find a barefoot brother out,Ben. And what to?
Of my dug and felt it bitter, pretty fool,She shall be married to this noble earl.one would kill the other. Thou! why, thou wilt quarrel with a manLady Cap. Find thou the means, and I'll find such a man.
Waking or sleeping, still my care hath beenGreg. 'Tis well thou art not fish; if thou hadst, thou hadst beenBen. The what?Romeo. Good heart, at what?
Thou shalt continue two-and-forty hours,Romeo. Well, what was yours?Juliet. What's he that now is going out of door?Mer. No, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide as a church door;
Cap. Well, be may chance to do some good on her.[Exeunt BENVOLIO and MERCUTIO.]Live here in heaven and may look on her;Enter BENVOLIO and MERCUTIO.
[Exeunt BENVOLIO and MERCUTIO.]Enter FRIAR LAURENCE alone, with a basket.Enter BENVOLIO and MERCUTIO.Ben. Tybalt, the kinsman to old Capulet,
Prince. What misadventure is so early up,Juliet. Ay, pilgrim, lips that they must use in pray'r.Who, all as hot, turns deadly point to point,[Exeunt.]
With baleful weeds and precious-juiced flowers.And Romeo dead; and Juliet, dead before,[PARIS strews the tomb with flowers.]Juliet. No, no. But all this did I know before.
We must talk in secret. Nurse, come back again;And with a silk thread plucks it back again,This doth not so, for she divideth us.Or else depart. Here all eyes gaze on us.
Shall I be married then to-morrow morning?Ben. Tut, man, one fire burns out another's burning;Leap to these arms untalk'd of and unseen.Lady Cap. She's not fourteen.
shall find me a grave man. I am peppered, I warrant, for thisNurse. What's this? what's this?Open the tomb, lay me with Juliet. [PARIS dies.]That's by me wounded. Both our remedies
Romeo. Thou canst not speak of that thou dost not feel.Enter SAMSON and GREGORY, of the house of Capulet, with swords and bucklers.When well apparell'd April on the heelThe cover, of the wings of grasshoppers;
Were of an age. Well, Susan is with God;Some twenty of them fought in this black strife,And in despite I'll cram thee with more food.Doth with their death bury their parents' strife.
For exile hath more terror in his look,Mer. Good Peter, to hide her face; for her fan's the fairer face ofNurse. See where she comes from shrift with merry look.Poor John. Draw thy tool - Here comes two of the house of
SCENE IV.Had she affections and warm youthful blood,SCENE IV.Pale, pale as ashes, all bedaub'd in blood,
Stand up, stand up! Stand, an you be a man.Digressing from the valour of a man;The valiant Paris seeks you for his love.My words would bandy her to my sweet love,
LADY CAPULET, wife to Capulet.For I have need of many orisonsRomeo. Is she a Capulet?Among a sisterhood of holy nuns.
